config/graphical-session/graphics-drivers/nvidia: rewrite nouveau (#875)
void-linux/void-docs: src/config/graphical-session/graphics-drivers/nvidia.md

hardware, and is required to use a large portion of the available Wayland
compositors.

### OpenGL

The accelerated OpenGL driver is provided by `mesa-dri`. This is a dependency of
the `xorg` metapackage, but must be manually installed when using `xorg-minimal`

> or Wayland.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or a Wayland compositor.
```

### Vulkan

> **Warning**: The NVK driver is relatively new and may be unstable and/or
> underperformant. Expect instability on cards below Turing (GTX 16xx).

Cards starting with Kepler (GTX 6xx) are supported by the Vulkan nouveau driver.

> Install `vulkan-loader` and `mesa-vulkan-nouveau`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install `vulkan-loader` and `mesa-vulkan-nouveau`. Older cards may perform poorly or unreliably with Vulkan.
```

Author: If this is the suggested replacement for the warning, I find it's comparatively a loss of information. I'll move the warning into the paragraph but further specify "older cards" to be non-GSP FW cards.

### Xorg

The `xorg` metapackage pulls in the `xf86-video-nouveau` video driver. This will

> need to be manually installed if using `xorg-minimal`. You can also use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need to be manually installed when `xorg-minimal` is installed instead. You can also use the
```

universal `modesetting` driver bundled with Xorg (this is the only option on
Tegra-based ARM boards).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This should be a single paragraph.

The former can make use of card-specific 2D acceleration paths, which is

> primarily useful on older cards with specialized fixed function hardware (the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
primarily useful on older cards with specialized, fixed-function hardware. (The
```

`modesetting` driver will accelerate 2D using OpenGL via GLAMOR). When in doubt,
it's a good idea to try `xf86-video-nouveau` first.

### Reclocking

At the time of writing, only first generation Maxwell, Kepler, and some Tesla
cards support manual reclocking. Cards past Turing (GTX 16xx) support automatic
reclocking.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This should all be one paragraph.

hardware, and is required to use a large portion of the available Wayland
compositors.

### OpenGL

The accelerated OpenGL driver is provided by `mesa-dri`. This is a dependency of
the `xorg` metapackage, but must be manually installed when using `xorg-minimal`
or Wayland.

### Vulkan

**Warning**: The NVK driver is relatively new and may be unstable and/or

> underperformant. Expect instability on cards below Turing (GTX 16xx).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Warning**: The NVK driver is relatively new and may be unstable and/or
> underperformant. Expect instability on cards below Turing (GTX 16xx).
```

Reviewer 2: then it should be changed, quoted blocks like thst get rendered in a special way in the pdf version (#878)

Cards starting with Kepler (GTX 6xx) are supported by the Vulkan nouveau driver.
Install `vulkan-loader` and `mesa-vulkan-nouveau`.

### Xorg

The `xorg` metapackage pulls in the `xf86-video-nouveau` video driver. This will
need to be manually installed if using `xorg-minimal`. You can also use the
universal `modesetting` driver bundled with Xorg (this is the only option on

> Tegra based ARM boards).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tegra-based ARM boards).
```

The former can make use of card-specific 2D acceleration paths, which is
primarily useful on older cards with specialized fixed function hardware (the
`modesetting` driver will accelerate 2D using OpenGL via GLAMOR). When in doubt,
it's a good idea to try `xf86-video-nouveau` first.

### Reclocking

At the time of writing, only first generation Maxwell, Kepler, and some Tesla
cards support manual reclocking. Cards past Turing (GTX 16xx) support automatic
reclocking.

Graphics cards starting with second generation Maxwell (GTX 9xx) do not support
reclocking because the `linux-firmware` collection is missing signed firmware
blobs needed to reclock these cards past their boot frequencies.

> Manual reclocking is available in `/sys/kernel/debug/dri/0/pstate`.

Reviewer 2: i think this line needs either some expansion or removal. It brings up questions like "what do I do in that dir to reclock?"
